lotty their internet people its bubble
gown so today we are going to talk about
what president john f kennedy could
teach president Trump if he was still
here because there's a really important
lesson the president Trump has yet to
learn and it would benefit the entire
world certainly the country if he did
and President Kennedy understood this
lesson he could definitely teach it he
displayed it his entire life that he had
this concept down have you ever watched
President Trump and dr. Falchi at that
podium together let's be honest pouchy
looks like he's just had a burlap bag
taken off his head he's about to hold up
a newspaper
he doesn't look incredibly comfortable
with some of the stuff to get said by
his counterpart it's a case study in the
dunning-kruger effect you've got one guy
with no subject matter expertise
whatsoever who is supremely confident in
his answers that are typically wrong and
then you got another guy who's one of
the foremost experts in the world and
he's like well I don't know it's
complicated it's complicated
he doesn't often give these super
confident answers they're always
qualified by you know if this then that
because he understands the subject more
if you're not familiar with this concept
you might look at one of these briefings
and think that Trump actually has a
better grasp on it it's not the case
Kennedy from a very very early point in
his career before he was ever in
politics understood that he may not
always be the best person to make the
decision he doesn't need to be the
center all the time when he was in the
Navy he had his boat literally ripped in
half by a Japanese ship and him and his
crew wind up in the water and he's like
you know I got nothing to lose guys but
some of y'all have families what do you
all want to do and he let them decide
and you can't talk that up to him being
weak or indecisive he proved his entire
career that's not who he was it's not
like he didn't have courage or guts I
mean after the decision was made he went
on to toe a wounded man as he was
swimming by strap in his teeth he's
definitely somebody that was always a
leader even if he didn't agree with him
you have to admit he was a leader see
one of my favorite Kennedy quotes is one
that doesn't get enough attention in my
view because it displayed his character
a little more than people may think he
went to uh he went to France on his wife
with it and the French they loved her
Jacqueline Kennedy they they just adored
her doted on me come on why not I mean
of course before she would when he
introduced himself there he said I'm the
man who accompanied Jacqueline Kennedy
to Paris and I have enjoyed it
he didn't refer to himself as the
president leader of the free world any
of that stuff because he knew what
people were focused on he knew what was
important to the people that he was
speaking to and yeah it was a joke in a
way he was wearing his power lightly and
yeah I mean it was humorous but at the
same time it was an acknowledgement that
he wasn't the most important person in
the realm not as far as most people were
concerned we're at a point where the
president in this situation has made the
wrong decision over and over and over
and over again nobody really cares what
he has to say I mean except for those
that are part of his base that just
would he can do no wrong you know and
the idea that you know people want to
hear about the economics most people
understand that we were on the verge of
this recession because of his economic
policies before this ever happened we
talked about it on this channel you can
go back there's timestamps nobody
believes no rational person believes
that Trump is going to oversee a
v-shaped recovery it's incredibly
unlikely when people tune in they want
to hear from the experts they want to
hear from people that know what's
happening
president Trump you are the man who
accompanies dr. Falchi to the podium
nothing more you don't matter in those
briefings
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night